# Personal_Memory_Game
This repository is my CS final year project, it has the main requirements of the project but it is not perfect

## Abstract
Dementia is a broad word that is used to describe a variety of brain disorders affecting the patients’ cognitive and behavioural functions. This report describes a cognitive activity to help older adults and patients with a potential diagnosis of dementia that helps stimulate and maintain users’ cognitive function and long-term memory based on implementing a memory game as a web application. The main goal of the proposed game is to create an environment in which users can continuously engage in dementia-prevention activities and motivate the users by making it personal. The game would prompt users with potential diagnose of dementia to import personal photos to use in the game as it will not only keep the brain active but also help them keep remembering family members, places, venues etc. Moreover, different features have been considered in the application hence it would be used by older adults, these include difficulty level, instructions, accessibility, and usability.
The application was tested by older adults to evaluate its basic functionality. Health professionals from the NHS were contacted to discuss the impact of the application on the users. Users’ feedback and suggestions were further gathered and considered to improve the application. Feedback statics mostly show that users have found the game enjoyable and easy to navigate. 
